docs(guild): fix grammatical errors in Guild channel properties (#645)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/645.misc.rst

> Fix the grammatical error in ``Guild`` channel prepoerties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the grammatical error in :class:``Guild`` channel properties.
```
This is also a docs change, `645.doc.rst` would be more suitable

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/645/commits/fe8096b8a341094e0b4793e92f468efa07dfa04e
